Added Teams optimization link (#3093)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: windows-365/enterprise/device-images.md

A custom image can be created using [any of the images above as a starting point](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/microsoftwindowsdesktop.windows-ent-cpc). For example, you can start with an image above and then install more applications and make more configuration changes.

> >[Note]
> >For custom images with Teams application, you can follow the instructions in [this article](create-custom-image-support-teams.md) to configure optimizations that are needed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> For custom images with Teams application, follow the instructions detailed in [Create a Cloud PC custom image that supports Microsoft Teams](create-custom-image-support-teams.md) to configure optimizations that are needed.  
```
